docs/README.md, before:

## Creating a new site umbrella repository using this repository

This continues from https://gist.github.com/benlk/e4f555eb817940b817354f598408e57c

Using `sitename.org` as an example, and providing full pathnames in front of command-line prompts to help keep you located:

1. When running `vv create`, make notes of the answers you provide to the script.
2. From the directory above the wordpress installation, run `ls`. You should see something that looks like this:

	```
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ ls
	htdocs/      vvv-hosts    vvv-init.sh  wp-cli.yml
	```
3. Clone this repository to someplace safe:

	```
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ git clone git@github.com:INN/umbrella-boilerplate.git /tmp/umbrella-boilerplate
	```
4. Copy this repository's contents to your new site:

	```
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ rsync -rv --exclude=.git /tmp/umbrella-boilerplate/ htdocs/
	```
5. Make sure that the contents were copied by comparing the new install and the umbrella repo's contents

	```
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ ls /tmp/umbrella-boilerplate
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ ls htdocs/
	```
6. Now, initialize the submodules and do some other things

	```
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ cd htdocs
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org/htdocs$ ./initialize.sh
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org/htdocs$ git status
	On branch master
	Changes to be committed:
	  (use "git reset HEAD <file>..." to unstage)

		new file:   .git-ftp-ignore
		new file:   .gitignore
		new file:   .gitmodules
		new file:   README.md
		new file:   fabfile.py
		new file:   requirements.txt
		new file:   tools
		new file:   wp-content/plugins/client-hosting-manager
		new file:   wp-content/themes/largo

	```

	Note that that will remove the initialize.sh script and this README file.

8. Prepare to commit: use `git add` to any other relevant files.

9. Commit: `git commit`


This doesn't set any variables. This doesn't fill out any text. This just gets you the files.

Commit message:

Update docs/README.md with instruction to edit certain files

docs/README.md, after:

## Creating a new site umbrella repository using this repository

This continues from https://gist.github.com/benlk/e4f555eb817940b817354f598408e57c

Using `sitename.org` as an example, and providing full pathnames in front of command-line prompts to help keep you located:

1. When running `vv create`, make notes of the answers you provide to the script.
2. From the directory above the wordpress installation, run `ls`. You should see something that looks like this:

	```
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ ls
	htdocs/      vvv-hosts    vvv-init.sh  wp-cli.yml
	```
3. Clone this repository to someplace safe:

	```
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ git clone git@github.com:INN/umbrella-boilerplate.git /tmp/umbrella-boilerplate
	```
4. Copy this repository's contents to your new site:

	```
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ rsync -rv --exclude=.git /tmp/umbrella-boilerplate/ htdocs/
	```
5. Make sure that the contents were copied by comparing the new install and the umbrella repo's contents

	```
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ ls /tmp/umbrella-boilerplate
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ ls htdocs/
	```
6. Now, initialize the submodules and do some other things

	```
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org$ cd htdocs
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org/htdocs$ ./initialize.sh
	/vagrant-local/www/sitename-org/htdocs$ git status
	On branch master
	Changes to be committed:
	  (use "git reset HEAD <file>..." to unstage)

		new file:   .git-ftp-ignore
		new file:   .gitignore
		new file:   .gitmodules
		new file:   README.md
		new file:   fabfile.py
		new file:   requirements.txt
		new file:   tools
		new file:   wp-content/plugins/client-hosting-manager
		new file:   wp-content/themes/largo

	```

	Note that that will remove the initialize.sh script and this README file.

7. Edit files to reflect the appropriate variables for this installation:
	- `fabfile.py`
	- `.gitignore`
	- `README.md`

8. Prepare to commit: use `git add` to any other relevant files.

9. Commit: `git commit`


This doesn't set any variables. This doesn't fill out any text. This just gets you the files.
